You're sick, right?
Don't want each other, it's a big joke
Why don't you dare?
If you dare not
Release my son and the Chen family
You first release my sister Ouyang Hong
No way, it looks like I won't knock one down here today
It's hard to win or lose
Nice boy
Do you dare or not?
If I die
Isn't the Ouyang River destroyed?
Hahaha, it's your door that's out.
You have to promise
If you don't agree, you have to agree
The head of the Fang family first cut off one of Ouyang Hong's ears
Send it over and show him
The Chen family was beaten all over by him
His sister is delicious
What's the matter?
Ok, I'll do it right away
Wait, you want to play, I'll play with you
shopkeeper
You did what you asked. You came just in time
These people are going to play poison with me
No, are your brains flooded?
My master is invulnerable to all poisons
They are courting death and I am with them
You are the one who wants to die
OK, let's do it!